Update release-notes-elasticsearch-beta1.asciidoc (#3024)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/install-upgrade/release-notes/release-notes-elasticsearch-beta1.asciidoc

[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +

> Logsdb will be enabled by default for data streams matching with `logs-*-*` pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logsdb index mode will be enabled by default for data streams matching with `logs-*-*` pattern.
```

> If upgrading from 8.18.2 and beyond to 9.x and data streams matching with `log-*-*` do exist,
> then Logsdb will not be enabled by default. Note that upgrading from 8.18.0 or 8.18.1 to 9.0.x
> will result in Logsdb being enabled by default.

Reviewer 2: > When upgrading from 8.18.0 or 8.18.1 to 9.0.x, logsdb is enabled by default regardless of whether matching data streams exist.

I would rephrase this to provide a more actionable comment:

```suggestion
When upgrading from 8.18.2 or later to 9.x, if data streams matching with `log-*-*` exist,
then logsdb will not be enabled by default. 
For versions prior to 8.18.2, it is strongly advised to first upgrade to 8.18.2 prior to upgrading to 9.0.x, otherwise logsdb will be enabled by default regardless of whether matching data streams exist.
```

Or something similar - what do you think?

> If upgrading from 8.18.2 and beyond to 9.x and data streams matching with `log-*-*` do exist,
> then Logsdb will not be enabled by default. Note that upgrading from 8.18.0 or 8.18.1 to 9.0.x
> will result in Logsdb being enabled by default.

Reviewer: good callout. how big of a problem is this? wondering if we need to go all the way to "strongly advised"

```suggestion
When upgrading from 8.18.2 or later to 9.x, if data streams matching with `log-*-*` exist,
then logsdb will not be enabled by default. 

For versions prior to 8.18.2, it is strongly advised to first upgrade to 8.18.2 prior to upgrading to 9.0.x. Otherwise, logsdb will be enabled by default regardless of whether matching data streams exist.
```

```suggestion
When upgrading from 8.18.2 or later to 9.x, if data streams matching with `log-*-*` exist,
then logsdb will not be enabled by default. 

For versions prior to 8.18.2, you should first upgrade to 8.18.2 prior to upgrading to 9.0.x. Otherwise, logsdb will be enabled by default regardless of whether matching data streams exist.
```

> will result in Logsdb being enabled by default.

Reviewer 2: Thank you @shainaraskas, both versions look great!

Yes, maybe the "strongly advised" wording is too strong, this is more of a warning to protect them from an unexpected behavior. @martijnvg what do you think, should we go with the less intense one?

Let's pick one and get this merged, more harm to spend too much time overthinking the wording and let people upgrade without a warning.

> will result in Logsdb being enabled by default.

Author: Let's pick the `strongly` advised variant?
